what is up my dudes okay so I needed a
video for this week and I was thinking
on kind of the plans I've had or videos
that I've wanted to film for a while and
a private-school Q&A is one that I've
been wanting to film because I feel like
a lot of people want to know more about
it and also like there aren't a ton of
videos about going to a private school
or like answering questions about
private school so I think for anyone who
is just curious or is going into private
schools soon
keep watching to have me answer
questions and just kind of talk about
what it's like the first thing I'm gonna
do is kind of set the stage for my
experience I am a senior in high school
and I've been going to this specific
private school that I go to for five
years I've homeschooled and done private
school most of my life and kindergarten
I was home-schooled first grade was the
only grade of my entire life that I've
been to a public school and then I
homeschooled from second to fifth grade
in sixth and seventh grade I went to a
private Christian school and then in
eighth through my senior year now I've
gone to a classical private school so
one of the main reasons I switched from
the Christian the private school to the
classical private school is because my
parents helped open and start the
classical private school the main
difference between just regular private
schools and like a classical one is that
we not only focus on academics but we
also focus on virtue so not just like
trying to get someone to college but to
help form them into a better human being
so that's kind of the gist the quick
gist of like what my private school is
about not being said I have around 150
kids in my whole school in my high
school specifically I have 16 people and
I have three people in my graduating
class including myself so there will be
three girls graduating there are no boys
in my graduating class just mean two
other girls
so it's definitely a different
experience from other people obviously
cuz I get a lot of comments like wow I
have like thousands of people in my high
school and I know that's like weird that
I don't but I honestly don't know of
anything different like my freshman year
I was one of seven kids in my whole high
school so I just don't know anything
different and personally I love my
school a lot first of all and second of
all there's positives and negatives to
going to a large school versus a small
school and going to a small school I get
a lot of one-on-one attention and you
can do things that you can do at a
larger school but there are also things
that you can do at a larger school that
you cannot do at a smaller school so now
that I've kind of set the stage for what
my school is kind of like what its kind
of about let's jump in to some topics so
the first topic which is probably the
first thing people think of when they
hear the words private school uniforms
so everybody's uniforms for different
schools look differently for us we have
a uniform for kindergarten through sixth
grade and then seventh grade through
senior year every single day I wear a
white button-up shirt I really wish we
could wear pullo's because those are why
we're comfortable and I personally think
they're way cuter but I wear a white
button-up with a tie and then I wear a
skirt but it's not like skirts that go
right below your butt because that would
not be allowed you would get turned
around and set it right back home and
change our skirts have to go to about
right above the knee or below yeah and
then I also like wearing leggings
because you know leggings are really
comfortable when you're cold and stuff
so I wear those there's a shoe policy
but it's just kind of like don't wear
crazy neon shoes with your uniform that
look pretty ugly so for us you can wear
makeup you can wear it like I wear
earrings all the time that's kind of
what our uniforms look like and there
are a lot of different views on the
uniforms like a lot of people like them
because they don't have to think about
what they're gonna wear but me
personally I really don't like them
especially the white shirts because the
white shirts make me literally when I
sweat
what a ton and something about the white
shirts is they just like show it I will
raise my hand and literally my entire
armpit is just wet it's so gross it is
so disgusting but like you can't you
can't even do anything but it's like
this is just what the shirts do and if I
sweat a lot
that's what its gonna look like you know
so that's pretty I don't like that at
all there's a funny story because when I
was switching schools my old school they
had like a dress code but not like a
uniform policy so I was transitioning
from like pretty casual dress to like
uniforms I thought only the boys were
gonna have to wear ties because that you
know makes sense
oh no the girls are supposed to wear
ties to my little thirteen-year-old
brain could not handle that I literally
bawled my eyes out for like probably a
couple of hours I was so sad that I had
to wear a tie but like now it's you know
it's just reality so that's whatever
that's kind of my view on the uniforms
honestly like they're not a huge deal
it's just I would much rather be able to
pick out what I wear every day and I
feel like I look better whenever I get
to pick out what I wear then having to
like wear the same thing every day the
next section is classes so we have three
classes in the morning and they're each
like an hour long and then we have lunch
and then we have like 45-minute classes
off and on until the last period which
is usually an hour so they're you know
pretty decently long they're pretty
unusual I don't feel like that's super
out of the ordinary we do start at
school at 8:25 which is really late for
most people but a lot of that is due to
like how many little tiny kids we have
you know they're like four-year-olds
coming having them start school like
7:00 in the morning would be a lot we do
have clustered classrooms so that's
something that's a little different from
like usual school so for example the
first in second grade classroom like its
first and second grade in one classroom
with one teacher and some things they'll
have like split for ages so like for
spelling tests they might have
this is the first grade list and this is
the second grade list and things like
that but that's kind of like the younger
the younger age group for the high
schoolers we're all in there together
and a lot of the time all of us are just
doing the same level stuff but it's hard
like it's hard for me it's gonna be hard
and you've gotta work hard things like
math and Composition we don't do
together those are like very the older
kids and the younger kids are like our
math classes are like the seniors the
juniors you know so some classes are
split by grade but most of them are just
we're just all in there together so for
my calculus class it's just me and
another girl in my class so we just hang
out together and do math so it's very
different from what a lot of people are
used to but again to me it's like last
year I had four people in my math class
like it's not that big of a difference
okay so this is a big one I get a lot of
questions about this from people who are
looking into like going into my school
and that is sports so because our school
is super young and small we don't have
any high school sports I think we have
two basketball teams we have a
basketball team for third and fourth
grader boys and first and second grader
boys so I mean if you want to catch the
game you can watch the little peewee
basketball teams play but yeah that's
those are all the sports that we have oh
and we do have tennis for like middle
schoolers during tennis season but those
are the only sports that my school has
we have had clubs in the past I don't
know if this is just Ohio you can play a
sport for the school district that
you're in so for example my sister she
loves tennis she plays tennis but not on
a school team because there aren't
enough people to have a high school
tennis team at my school but she plays
for the local high school and I don't
know if she can just do that because
it's Ohio or if you could look into and
see if they do that in your state but
that's how it is for us club sports and
stuff I've done swim team and like you
can find sports that like don't have to
do with your school
one other topic I wanted to kind of talk
about our electronics so this was like a
huge deal when the school first started
that there were gonna be no electronics
whatsoever like no computers at school
no phones at school like like zero that
has definitely changed and I I
personally use my devices a lot and
that's not just because like I am a
youtuber I film videos I edit I need
those devices it has come a long way
with school incorporating a lot of those
and so it's not like a complete zero
electronics policy anymore it is
definitely like use them with wisdom
phones mostly like you're not supposed
to have your phone out it's hard cuz
it's like you're not supposed to have
your phone out but like it's okay for
these certain things it's kind of like a
blurred line like there isn't like a
straight like zero nada anymore it's
definitely evolved
you definitely are supposed to use
temperance and prudence and like the way
that you use things overall I do love my
school I would say like some of the main
things that have like upset me are
probably the uniforms but like that's
just a given like that's part of school
but then there happens and things with
like electronics that I've run into that
again because my school is so small they
don't they have policies in place but
then like new things pop up and you have
to kind of work it out so um you know I
had to sign this like a project sheet or
something to be able to edit in my free
time like my study halls but that like
got past everything and I'm good to go
for that so I'm glad that my school is
willing to work with me and the things
that I am striving to do and yeah there
are a lot of things I wish I had I guess
going to my private school but I know
that it's only gonna get better and it's
it's really cool to be a part of
something so new and kind of be like a
pioneer that sounds really dumb yeah be
like a pioneer and in like this school
history so I am grateful to my parents
because they have put a lot of work into
into the school a lot of time and my mom
especially my mom is the third and
fourth grade teachers
I would say my favorite thing about
going to a private school is like this
sense of community and love and also
just the goodness that I'm surrounded by
there isn't anything bad going on like
no one does drugs no one you know no one
does jewels in the bathroom like I hear
about all this stuff that goes on at
other schools and I completely like have
no like a lot of the things I've never
seen or like even heard about like
people will say something I'm like and
what is that because I've never heard of
that
so there's definitely you could say like
there's some innocence and going to my
school but I would argue that that's
like a good thing I don't have to be
surrounded by so many things that I
wouldn't do or wouldn't wanna be around
I really appreciate that
I love the the friends I have we have
really strong relationships in my class
because we are with them all the time
every day I hope I answered to your
guys's questions if you have any other
questions about going to a private
school or my experience in particular
definitely ask me down below and I'll do
my best to answer those questions for
you guys and make sure if you're new to
subscribe I really hope you enjoyed I
love you all so much and I will see you
next Tuesday
oh I've heard some people ask if I get a
lemon slice on my water fountain or you
know they have little tongues with
lemons that I can take off and put into
my water bottle well I have to tell you
the answer is yes no that is false we do
not you'll be lucky if your water
doesn't taste like rust okay
maybe bring water from your house just
saying